everybody tinman here welcome to my easy
Cooking Channel today I'm going to make
some steak and shrimp kabobs what I have
here is a pound and a half of stew me
and actually use that in a crock pot
recipe the other day and it was really
good meat after I browned it I was just
eating it like that so you use it for my
kabobs and I'm going to marinate it in
this garlic and herb marinade and I'm
also going to unthaw some of these 31:40
shrimp and get the shells off of him and
put the shrimp in that same garlic and
herb marinade okay this is going to be
really simple that's the way I like it
stew meats all cut up already so I just
poured some of that marinade on it all
I'm doing with these shrimp is I kind of
ran some water over them time thawne a
little bit and I'm just pulling the pull
on the shell off like that and dropping
them in a bowl of marinade same marinade
okay my meats been marinating here for
about an hour and a half two hours and
it's looking really good
I put the shrimp in the fridge because
the shrimp cooked faster than the miss
will so I figured by letting this come
up to room temperature and putting the
shrimp in the fridge it'll help equalize
the cooking time a little bit I'm going
to use these metal skewers that I bought
it's easier to thread the meat onto
these metal ones okay I'm doing
everything the easy way today so using
my gas grill we'll just cook these until
the shrimp turn pink which shouldn't
really take too long okay it's been
about seven or eight minutes I've been
moving these around a little bit it
looked pretty good to me I think it's
about time to get them off of there
looks like these surf and turf kebabs
turned out great no veggies on these
babies just pure meat I'm starving so
I'm gonna dive into these things thanks
for watching you guys and I'll talk to
you next time